Link the "Contributing Guide" to the README and place in the documenation (#4532)
conda/conda-build: README.rst

subscribe to the `conda mailing list
<https://groups.google.com/a/continuum.io/forum/#!forum/conda>`_.  The source
code and issue tracker for ``conda`` are on `GitHub <https://github.com/pydata/conda>`_.

Contributing to conda-build
---------------------------

> We always welcome new contributors for ``conda-build``, especially for bug-fixes and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We always welcome new contributors for ``conda-build``, especially for bug fixes and
```

Just a nitpick; I don't think we need the hyphen there

> new feature requests. To help get your environment setup and begin developing, please

Reviewer 2: "set up" is a verb, "setup" is a noun, for future reference. Same with sign in, log in, etc.

```suggestion
new feature requests. To help get your environment set up and begin developing, please
```
